OPSEXP-2174 Bump readme to prepare for the 6.1.0-M.1 release (#963)
Alfresco/acs-deployment: README.md

follows the release branch pattern: `release/v$Major.Minor`.

First ensure that:

* the
  [supported-matrix](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-updatecli/blob/master/deployments/values/supported-matrix.yaml)
  reflects the status of the currently released Alfresco products and update if
  necessary before proceeding with the release.
* the [Bump component
  versions](https://github.com/Alfresco/acs-deployment/actions/workflows/bumpVersions.yml)
  workflow has been run to reflect the changes of the current `supported-matrix`
  in the helm charts values files.

Start the release by opening a PR against the appropriate branch that will:

* Update the [versioning table](#versioning)
* In [alfresco-content-services](helm/alfresco-content-services/Chart.yaml),
  bump chart version to the version you want to release (usually by removing the
  `-SNAPSHOT` suffix and adding `-Mx` suffix if it's a prerelease)
* Run `pre-commit run --all-files helm-docs` to update helm docs

Once the PR has been merged, create the release with:

```sh
gh release create vx.x.x --generate-notes -t vx.x.x -d
```

where `vx.x.x` is the same `alfresco-content-services` Chart version.

> Once the tagged workflow is successful, review the GitHub release notes, usually

Reviewer: "tagged workflow" doesn't sounds very meaningful to me.

```suggestion
Once the workflow triggered by this new tag is successful, review the GitHub release notes, usually
```
